**SEPlan** \
SEPlan is a one-stop platform for NUS students who intend to go on SEP to obtain resources, contribute reviews, map modules, plan timetables, and connect with exchange alumni. Built using Django and Bootstrap, we aim to create a user-friendly platform for students to ask questions and receive quality answers about SEP universities, modules and the module planning process in a timely manner.

**The Application** \
In the Review route, a user who had just returned from SEP may write a review of their own SEP experience, including the learning environment at their SEP university, the modules they managed to map over, and the living environment and favourite pictures at their overseas destination. Upon clicing the "review" button, an alert thanks the user for submitting the review, which is then added to the library of reviews available for other users intending to embark on SEP. As reviews are categorised by partner universities, a user looking for information about a particular partner university can easily find all the reviews about it together and directly contact the reviewer by clicking on the "message" button should they require more information. Users are also able to view their history of reviews and have the option to delete their past reviews.

In the Modules route, a user can easily find modules from partner universities that can be mapped to their corresponding NUS modules. After entering an NUS module code into the search bar and clicking the "search" button, a list of partner universities with mappable modules, along with their module names and codes and a "plus" button, would be displayed. On clicking the "plus" button, an alert informs the user that he has shortlisted this overseas module and university into his SEP planner table in the home page. If there are no modules which map to the entered NUS module code, no results will be displayed.

In the Message route, a user may start a conversation with another user by using the search bar on the left to search for their username, or through the "message" button in the review platform. Chats with other users are listed to the left while the main flow of conversation with a particular user is displayed on the right. By displaying the username and faculty of users, a user is able to ask questions for faculty-based SEP and have them answered in a more personal and informative manner.
